they have a point in common pac
Hi, I'm going to prepare a new mockus recipe, the neo lantigua piece is not
had no idea that they can be done this way and although they are better than
potato these are not bad in a saucepan we look for milk
its derivatives require it
the health project soon after for scratches
min
and stir until the butter comes out
efe
and once discarded we are adding the sifted flour
we can not do in three or four tables
do not
the fire was
between medium and low
and went back to have a homogenous mass
nick
we remove it from the fire
and now let's go the two big eggs I cook three small
We have new stir until we get a homogeneous mixture and add the
following
camps
jack black
efe
the world
the sector
in Spain
efe
now we are going for a little more than an hour to celebrate but we should do the
homework
dyn
as always timely pincers below so they are not owed to me has helped me
a jug of water to supply more comfortable mouth will not happen
efe
now we press
until we see live the Easter by the pastry bag
Dec
in this sense we can do well
we need plenty of boiling water with salt with the help of a knife we ​​are
presenting the sleeve we cut the gnocchi
so that it is easier to cut it because they know that you put the knife in water
hot
with the hot sheet we remember perfectly camps will go out to
float and those of the country with a couple of minutes late and the prospects
the sector
river lost two end of April
of bourbon sun
the usual but as always
pepper's butter
is the icing on the cake and a couple of minutes
It's the farewell in three rounds
efe
pepper him
min
p
the aris the right gorgonzola cheese
That is why it is clear that by gutiérrez that do not conform
one
we are looking for this sector
in the line that to see with the finger is maintained
specialists
the derby about the neo-Nazis and this time I do not suffer it because right now I do not have
hungry good I hope you liked a hug until then
dyn
as